Remove duplicate "Algorithmic Changes section" (#36)
IngJohEricsson/draft-johansson-ccwg-scream-bis: draft-johansson-ccwg-rfc8298bis-screamv2.md

  that they are unnecessarily queued up on the sender side, but still prevent a
  large network queue.

* The media bitrate calculation is dramatically changed and simplified. In practive
  it is manifested with a relatively simple relation between the reference window and RTT.

* Additional compensation is added to make SCReAMv2 handle cases such as large
  changing frame sizes.

Algorithm changes since the last draft version -01 are:

>  * Slow down reference window growth when close the last know max is disabled

Reviewer: This sentence needs fixing.

Reviewer: @IngJohEricsson you will have to take a look and clarify the meaning.

Author: At minimum there are some nits but this sentence is not super clear.

>  * Slow down reference window growth when close the last know max is disabled
>    when L4S active. This makes SCReAM adhere more closely to 2 marked packets

Author: ```suggestion
 * Slow down reference window growth when close to the last known maximum value is disabled
   and when L4S is active. This makes SCReAM adhere more closely to two marked packets
```

Reviewer 2: Fine with me

   per RTT at steady state.

 * Reference window decrease and increase reduced by up to 50% when ref_wnd/mss
   is small. This reduces rate oscillations.

 * Target bitrate down adjustment when ref_wnd/mss is small is modified to only

>    help to avoid that the data unit queue grows excessively in certain low

Reviewer: "to only help to avoid that" another strange formulation that I don't quite understand.

Reviewer: @IngJohEricsson can you please help clarify what is intended to mean.

Author: Yes, I assume we can just remove the "to only help"

Reviewer 2: Yes, sounds good to remove "to only help"

>  * Target bitrate down adjustment when ref_wnd/mss is small is modified to only
>    help to avoid that the data unit queue grows excessively in certain low

Author: ```suggestion
 * Target bitrate down adjustment when ref_wnd/mss is small is modified to
   avoid that the data unit queue grows excessively in certain low
```
